# Pong game with a chat room

## Description

This is the final project in 42 curriculum. It is a fullstack web application set up
using:
* docker-compose
* webserver (nginx)
* frontend (Next.js, TypeScript)
* backend (NestJS, TypeScript)
* database (postgreSQL)

### Features

* Pong game:
	- multiplayer
	- singleplayer
* Administration:
	- moderate chatrooms: ban, block, grant elevated privileges to a user, etc.
* User account:
	- account login using 42 (OAuth) account
	- (dis)enable 2FA for login
	- change your avatar (picture), profile, etc.
* Real-time chatroom:
    - direct (private) messaging
	- invite users to a game or a chat group
	- send friend requests
	- block users
    - join or create group chats

## Install

For the clean (first) install there are several requirements necessary, under section **Hosting**.
In order to successfully run the web app, you need to *configure/edit* script and then run it
```bash
./setup.sh
```

By running command below you will build the docker image for the project and run
the container
```bash
make
```

### Hosting

For app hosting there are few prerequisites:
* host machine (hosting on local vs. public IP address)
* credentials
* certificate
* API token

Web app can be easily hosted on any machine on a local network via *localhost*. For this part
setup script does not need to be changed.

Important part of the project configuration are credentials which are stored in .env files for
database and other services/parts of the project. Those have to be updated accordingly.

Next part concerns webserver, i.e., proxy and *certificate*. It is necessary for the secure
connection on port 443, which is configured as a default one. If none is provided, it can be
generated by running setup script. In this case credentials should be updated. Otherwise, a
pre-existing one can be used (placed inside directory: srcs/requirements/proxy/tools/).

Last but not least, 42 API (token) needs to be replaced with another one (such as Google's) to
provide a valid login system.

To deploy this app on a cloud, same procedure applies as above with adequately configured
setup script, i.e., **.env files**.

## Usage

### Access on a local network

For a user who wants to access the app on the local network (same WiFi) needs to
know the local IP address of the host machine and use it in a browser as a domain (name).

### Access on a cloud hosted app

Similar applies to a cloud hosted app where user needs to know either public IP address
or domain name of the hosted website.
